## About the project
<p> The main focus is to build a machine learning model that attempts to predict whether a wine will become high quality or not for the wine quality data. Wine quality is determined by a group opinion of wine experts using their smell, taste, and brain to lend wine reviews to the market buy and sell notes backing the wine on a secondary market. Wine quality data offer their previous data through Kaggle and API. Utilized the given data from Kaggle and API to create machine learning models to classify the wine quality levels. The model to focus on is the Logistic Regression model. </p>

### What is Wine Quality?
<p> Wine quality is determined by a group opinion of wine experts using their smell, taste, and brain. Everyone has different due to their preference and taste buds and because everyone is different, quality scores are reviewed by a group of experienced tasters. The age of wine determines the wine quality as older wine intends to have a higher wine status. In a study, wine can age sufficiently due to acidity, tannin, alcohol level, and residual sugar. Acidity is an acid substance found in wine, soil, or water. Acidity changes over the course when age due to acids dissolving and flattening. Wine with low acidity cannot age in the long run. Tannin is found in red wine and sometimes white whine. Tannin is an acid substance adding a bitter taste. Similar to acidity, higher tannin ages in the long run and drives the wine quality vastly. Alcohol level or percentages is a portion of alcohol in your body from drinking alcoholic drinks. Higher alcohol percentages intend to destroy the wine aging as lower alcohol levels age broadly. Residual sugar comes from an essential element found in wine. Higher sugar content found in wine intends to age significantly than other less sugar wine.   </p>

<p> Wine has many acids as the data contains fixed acidity, volatile acidity, and citric acid. Fixed acidity is an acid found in wine used for sour flavor and fights against microbial infection. The volatile acidity is a process that converts wine to vinegar used for tasting. Citric acid is an organic mixture found in wine to add flavor. The wine has multiple organic compounds such as chloride, free sulfur dioxide, and total sulfur dioxide. Chloride is an organic mixture element to help diminish acid groups. It also supports balancing the pH to keep the acid levels in equilibrium. Sulfur dioxide is essential in wine as it prevents spoilage and oxidation. When wine or any fruit container is opened and left out in the open for too long, the wine or fruit turns brown. That is the function of oxidation. Free sulfur dioxide (FS02) is a measurement of sulfur dioxide in the wine that has not responded yet. Sulfur dioxide contains spoilage and oxidation as it is necessary to have some free sulfur dioxide to protect the wine. Once the wine is open, the FS02 is gone. Total sulfur dioxide (TSO2) is similar to chloride as a chemical balance. If the total sulfur dioxide is high, the wine is much more stable as sulfur dioxide easier to balance. TSO2 is a measure of free sulfur dioxide (FSO2) since if the wine has low or high free sulfur dioxide, then total sulfur dioxide can give the context of how much sulfur dioxide is in the wine.   </p>

<p> Density in the wine means the mass per volume as the water has a density of 0.997 gram cubic centimeters, but wine has a density of 1.080 to 1.090-gram cubic centimeters. The wine juice density founded to have eight to ten percent denser than water. Once the wine juice merges alcohol and sugar, the density of wine intends to be around 0.996 gram cubic centimeters. pH is a measurement of the acidity and base of water ranging from 0 to 14. The levels are zero is acid, seven is neutral, and fourteen is base. pH level lower than seven is more acidity as higher is more base. In wine, the pH is three to four due to fixed acidity, volatile acidity, citric acid, and other added substances. pH plays an essential role in wine to support balancing and prevent too much acid.   </p>

## Data

